€3,000 for the profits lost
by Mr. Moral, who,
apparently, is the one in charge of morality.  Look, where do we
have the level of morality?
This has been calculated based on the
remuneration that
Mr. Moral would have received if the defendant had
requested this party's authorization
to use the song, okay?  That's a
fee you're asking for to allow it, isn't it?
And according to you, you would have earned €3,000 if I
had asked your permission.  Let's
hear from your mouth.  This isn't from Javi
Oliveira, huh?  Not even from Dallas, huh?  from your
mouth, Ricky.  What would have happened if I
had asked you for permission.
Compassion for people who don't deserve even
the slightest bit of it. I would have said to you, "If you're not
using rewind to throw [ __ ] at me or
to make something up or to beat me up
in some made-up way, you
know? If you're not using rewind to
throw [ __ ] at me, use it if you want. I'm
not going to flog you or anything, I'm not asking for anything. I didn't even know this was even for me. I was like, I'm not going to
flog you or anything and I'm not asking for anything,
okay? So, the second point of your
lawsuit, the second one, because a lawsuit
ultimately is about asking for money, okay? We're not
debating here about who's
better, who's worse, and who's
right, and all that nonsense, right? I
mean, the lawsuit is based on asking for money.
If money doesn't make sense, the
lawsuit can be dismissed.